Services 


💅Gel manicure with basic Nail Art $80+

This gel manicure is performed on your natural nail with a waterless manicure. It includes nail shaping, and Russian cuticle care included. (If you're preference is to just push back the cuticle just let me know. Products used are from Kokoist, a japanese brand. 9-Free Non-Toxic, and vegan.
This manicure includes Basic Nail Art: one to two lines per nail, dots, two simple hearts per nail, on color chrome, on color cat eye, etc. (please note, I don't do simple french only)  If unsure as to what kind of tier your design is, please email bb.love.nails92@gmail.com

💅Gel manicure with intermediate nail art $100+

This gel manicure is performed on your natural nail with a waterless manicure. It includes nail shaping, and Russian cuticle care included. (If you're preference is to just push back the cuticle just let me know. Products used are from Kokoist, a japanese brand. 9-Free Non-Toxic, and vegan.
This manicure includes Intermediate Nail Art: hand painted designs, minimal 3D art, airbrush designs, minimal mixed media, etc. If unsure as to what kind of tier your design is, please email bb.love.nails92@gmail.com


💅gel manicure with Advanced Nail Art $120+

This gel manicure is performed on your natural nail with a waterless manicure. It includes nail shaping, and Russian cuticle care included. (If you're preference is to just push back the cuticle just let me know. Products used are from Kokoist, a japanese brand. 9-Free Non-Toxic, and vegan.
This manicure includes advanced Nail Art: 3D fruits, some hand painted designs, multiple charms, etc If unsure as to what kind of tier your design is, please email bb.love.nails92@gmail.com

💅 gel manicure with Intricate Nail art $140+

This gel manicure is performed on your natural nail with a waterless manicure. It includes nail shaping, and Russian cuticle care included. (If you're preference is to just push back the cuticle just let me know. Products used are from Kokoist, a japanese brand. 9-Free Non-Toxic, and vegan.
This manicure includes intricate nail art: flowers, ink, chrome designs, encapsulations, etc. If unsure as to what kind of tier your design is, please email bb.love.nails92@gmail.com

💅 gel manicure with extravagant nail art $ 160+

This gel manicure is performed on your natural nail with a waterless manicure. It includes nail shaping, and Russian cuticle care included. (If you're preference is to just push back the cuticle just let me know. Products used are from Kokoist, a japanese brand. 9-Free Non-Toxic, and vegan.
This manicure includes Basic Nail Art: any art that takes color mixing, linen patterns, paintings inspired nails, ultimate encapsulations, ultimate 3D handmade charms, etc. If unsure as to what kind of tier your design is, please email bb.love.nails92@gmail.com

💅 extensions +$20

Please make sure that you choose a gel service and put get extensions as an add on if you want extensions.

💅 Nail fix $10 

💅 removals are free as long as it's my work. Please come with bare nails in order to get a service from me if it's your first time. 

💅 express pedicures with Dazzle Dry $45
My signature pedicure is waterless or performed without a water soak. This is done to avoid water staying trapped in your nail, that way it's less likely to cause fungus. The waterless pedicure starts off by cleansing your feet with anti-bacterial spray. Go in with nail polish removal, shaping, light cuticle care, foot filing, and a light foot massage with lotion to lock in moisture. Finish off with Dazzle Dry (Non-toxic and cruelty-free made with sustainable packaging and it air dries in 5 minutes) 




